README.md, before:

Steam Condenser
===============

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/koraktor/steam-condenser-java.png)](http://travis-ci.org/koraktor/steam-condenser-java)

The Steam Condenser is a multi-language library for querying the Steam
Community, Source and GoldSrc game servers as well as the Steam master servers.
Currently it is implemented in Java, PHP and Ruby.

## Requirements

* Linux, MacOS X or Windows
* Java 7 or newer

The following Java libraries are required:

* Apache Commons Compress (for Source servers sending compressed responses)
* Apache Commons Lang 3
* Apache Commons HttpClient (for the Web API features)
* JSON (for the Web API features)
* JUnit (for testing)
* PowerMock (for testing)

Maven will install these for you.

## Installation

To install and use Steam Condenser in your Maven managed project use the
following dependency definition:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.github.koraktor</groupId>
      	<artifactId>steam-condenser</artifactId>
      	<version>x.y.z</version>
    </dependency>

Remember to specify a version using appropriate tag.

## Logging

Steam Condenser provides logging based on [SLF4J][slf4j]. To make use of it you
have to add a logger implementation (like slf4j-log4j) to your application's
classpath. See [this list][loggers] for some available SLF4J loggers.

## License

This code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the new BSD License. A copy of this license can be found in the
included LICENSE file.

## Credits

* Sebastian Staudt – koraktor(at)gmail.com
* David Wursteisen – david.wursteisen(at)gmail.com
* Guto Maia – guto(at)guto.net
* Sam Kinard – snkinard(at)gmail.com

## See Also

* [Steam Condenser home](http://koraktor.de/steam-condenser)
* [GitHub project page](https://github.com/koraktor/steam-condenser)
* [Wiki](https://github.com/koraktor/steam-condenser/wiki)
* [Google group](http://groups.google.com/group/steam-condenser)
* [Ohloh profile](http://www.ohloh.net/projects/steam-condenser)

Follow Steam Condenser on Google Plus+ via
[+Steam Condenser](https://plus.google.com/b/109400543549250623875/109400543549250623875)
or on Twitter via [@steamcondenser](https://twitter.com/steamcondenser).

 [loggers]: http://www.slf4j.org/manual.html#swapping
 [slf4j]:   http://www.slf4j.org

Commit message:

Update README with fork purpose and JitPack badge
Added note about the purpose of the fork and updated badge.

README.md, after:

Steam Condenser
===============

[![](https://www.jitpack.io/v/EvolvedGhost/steam-condenser-java.svg)](https://www.jitpack.io/#EvolvedGhost/steam-condenser-java)

The Steam Condenser is a multi-language library for querying the Steam
Community, Source and GoldSrc game servers as well as the Steam master servers.
Currently it is implemented in Java, PHP and Ruby.

**Note:** This forked repository is for my personal use—to adapt the project for newer Java versions and update dependencies to more secure ones. No new features have been added, and its usage remains consistent with the original repository. You can obtain this version via JitPack.

## Requirements

* Linux, MacOS X or Windows
* Java 7 or newer

The following Java libraries are required:

* Apache Commons Compress (for Source servers sending compressed responses)
* Apache Commons Lang 3
* Apache Commons HttpClient (for the Web API features)
* JSON (for the Web API features)
* JUnit (for testing)
* PowerMock (for testing)

Maven will install these for you.

## Installation

To install and use Steam Condenser in your Maven managed project use the
following dependency definition:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.github.koraktor</groupId>
      	<artifactId>steam-condenser</artifactId>
      	<version>x.y.z</version>
    </dependency>

Remember to specify a version using appropriate tag.

## Logging

Steam Condenser provides logging based on [SLF4J][slf4j]. To make use of it you
have to add a logger implementation (like slf4j-log4j) to your application's
classpath. See [this list][loggers] for some available SLF4J loggers.

## License

This code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the new BSD License. A copy of this license can be found in the
included LICENSE file.

## Credits

* Sebastian Staudt – koraktor(at)gmail.com
* David Wursteisen – david.wursteisen(at)gmail.com
* Guto Maia – guto(at)guto.net
* Sam Kinard – snkinard(at)gmail.com

## See Also

* [Steam Condenser home](http://koraktor.de/steam-condenser)
* [GitHub project page](https://github.com/koraktor/steam-condenser)
* [Wiki](https://github.com/koraktor/steam-condenser/wiki)
* [Google group](http://groups.google.com/group/steam-condenser)
* [Ohloh profile](http://www.ohloh.net/projects/steam-condenser)

Follow Steam Condenser on Google Plus+ via
[+Steam Condenser](https://plus.google.com/b/109400543549250623875/109400543549250623875)
or on Twitter via [@steamcondenser](https://twitter.com/steamcondenser).

 [loggers]: http://www.slf4j.org/manual.html#swapping
 [slf4j]:   http://www.slf4j.org
